Admin UI: ensure consistent header spacing with and without actions (#76683)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/admin-ui/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Enhancements

> -   Small spacing adjustments between title, subtitle and action elements in the header. [#76683](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/76683)

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
-   `Page`: Keep the header row at a consistent height regardless of whether actions are present, and stop rendering an empty actions container when no actions are provided [#76683](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/76683).
```
